Add a doc section about buckets with SSE-KMS (#2856)
quiltdata/quilt: docs/technical-reference.md

You can now configure a Quilt Role with this role (using the Catalog's admin panel, or `quilt3.admin.create_role`).

### S3 buckets with SSE-KMS

> Using S3 buckets with SSE-KMS enabled needs additional setup.
> Go to your Quilt stack in CloudFormation, `Resources` tab.
> Look for IAM roles with these logical IDs:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order for Quilt to index buckets with SSE-KMS, you must add certain principals to
the corresponding key policy. Go to CloudFormation > Your Quilt Stack > Resources
and look for IAM roles with the following logical IDs:
```

* `AmazonECSTaskExecutionRole`
* `PkgEventsRole`
* `PkgSelectLambdaRole`
* `SearchHandlerRole`
* `T4BucketReadRole`
* `T4BucketWriteRole`

> Add a statement to KMS key policy document supplying ARNs of roles
> found on the previous step:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note the ARN for each of the above logical IDs and add an Allow statement
similar to the following to the KMS key policy:
```
